PCG Section [Refactor] (#2075)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/pcg/deploy-pcg/vmware.md

  resize it at a later time.

- An x86 Linux environment with a Docker daemon installed and a connection to Palette and the VMware vSphere endpoint.
  The Palette CLI installation must be invoked on an up-to-date Linux system with an x86-64 architecture.

Before installing PCG on VMware, review the following system requirements and permissions. The vSphere user account used
to deploy the PCG must have the required permissions to access the proper roles and objects in vSphere.

Start by reviewing the required action items below:

1. Create the two custom vSphere roles. Check out the [Create Required Roles](#create-required-roles) section to create
   the required roles in vSphere.

2. Review the [vSphere Permissions](#vsphere-permissions) section to ensure the created roles have the required vSphere
   privileges and permissions.

3. Create node zones and regions for your Kubernetes clusters. Refer to the [Zone Tagging](#zone-tagging) section to
   ensure that the required tags are created in vSphere to ensure proper resource allocation across fault domains.

### Create Required Roles

> Palette requires two custom roles to be created in vSphere before the installation. Refer to the

Author: ```suggestion
Palette requires two custom roles to be created in vSphere before the PCG installation. Refer to the
```

1.  In an x86 Linux host with the Palette CLI installed, open up a terminal session.

2.  Issue the following command to authenticate with Palette. When prompted, enter the required information. Refer to
    the table below for information about each parameter.

    ```shell
    palette login
    ```

    | **Parameter**                  | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
    | :----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | **Spectro Cloud Console**      | Enter the Palette endpoint URL. When using the Palette SaaS service, enter `https://console.spectrocloud.com`. When using a self-hosted instance of Palette, enter the URL for that instance.                                                                     |

>     | **Allow Insecure Connection**  | Enabling this option bypasses x509 server Certificate Authority (CA) verification. Enter `y` if you are using a self-hosted Palette, or VerteX instance with self-signed TLS certificates and need to provide the file path to instance CA. Otherwise, enter `n`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Allow Insecure Connection**  | Enabling this option bypasses x509 server Certificate Authority (CA) verification. Enter `y` if you are using a self-hosted Palette or VerteX instance with self-signed TLS certificates and need to provide a file path to the instance CA. Otherwise, enter `n`. |
```

>     | **Spectro Cloud API Key**      | Enter your Palette API Key. Refer to the [Create API Key](../../../user-management/authentication/api-key/create-api-key.md) for guidance on creating an API key.                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Spectro Cloud API Key**      | Enter your Palette API Key. Refer to the [Create API Key](../../../user-management/authentication/api-key/create-api-key.md) guide to create an API key.                                                                                                 |
```

    | **Spectro Cloud Organization** | Select your Palette Organization name.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
    | **Spectro Cloud Project**      | Select the project name you want to register the VMware vSphere account in.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
    | **Acknowledge**                | Accept the login banner message. Login banner messages are only displayed if the tenant admin enabled a login banner.                                                                                                                                             |

    :::info

>     The `CloudAccount.apiKey` and `Mgmt.apiKey` values in the **pcg.yaml** are encrypted and cannot be manually updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `CloudAccount.apiKey` and `Mgmt.apiKey` values in the **pcg.yaml** file are encrypted and cannot be manually updated.
```

    :::

3.  Once you have authenticated successfully, start the PCG installer by issuing the following command. Refer to the
    table below for information about each parameter.

    ```bash
    palette pcg install
    ```

    | **Parameter**                                        | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
    | :--------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
    | **Management Plane Type**                            | Select Palette or VerteX.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

>     | **Enable Ubuntu Pro (required for production)**      | Choose `y` if you want to to use Ubuntu Pro, otherwise press `n`. If you select `y`, you will be be asked to provide an Ubuntu Pro token.                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Enable Ubuntu Pro (required for production)**      | Enter `y` if you want to to use Ubuntu Pro and provide an Ubuntu Pro token. Otherwise, enter `n`.                                                                                                        |
```

>     | **Enable Ubuntu Pro (required for production)**      | Choose `y` if you want to to use Ubuntu Pro, otherwise press `n`. If you select `y`, you will be be asked to provide an Ubuntu Pro token.                                                                                                        |

Author: Adding this to the suggestion below.

>     | **Select an image registry type**                    | Choose `Default` to pull images from public image registries. This requires an internet connection. Airgap customers, select `Custom` so you can point to our airgap support VM or a custom internal registry that contains the required images. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Select an image registry type**                    | For a non-airgap installation, choose `Default` to pull images from public image registries. This requires an internet connection. For an airgap installation, select `Custom` and point to our airgap support VM or a custom internal registry that contains the required images. |
```

    | :-------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | **HTTPS Proxy**                   | Leave this blank unless you are using an HTTPS Proxy. This setting will be propagated to all PCG nodes and all of its cluster nodes. Example: `https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@PROXYIP:PROXYPORT`.                                                                                                                   |
    | **HTTP Proxy**                    | Leave this blank unless you are using an HTTP Proxy. This setting will be propagated to all PCG nodes and all of its cluster nodes. Example: `http://USERNAME:PASSWORD@PROXYIP:PROXYPORT`.                                                                                                                     |

>     | **No Proxy**                      | You will be prompted to provide a list of local network CIDR addresses, hostnames, and domain names that should be excluded from being a proxy. This setting will be propagated to all the nodes to bypass the proxy server. Example if you have a self-hosted environment: `my.company.com,10.10.0.0/16`.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **No Proxy**                      | Provide a list of local network CIDR addresses, hostnames, and domain names that should be excluded from being a proxy. This setting will be propagated to all the nodes to bypass the proxy server. Example for a self-hosted environment: `my.company.com,10.10.0.0/16`.     |
```

    | **Registry Name**                                        | Assign a name to the custom registry.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
    | **Registry Endpoint**                                    | The endpoint or IP address for the custom registry. Example: `https://palette.example.com` or `https://10.10.1.0`.                                                                                                                                                 |
    | **Registry Base Content Path**                           | The base content path for the custom registry. Example: `spectro-images`.                                                                                                                                                                                          |

>     | **Configure Registry Mirror**                            | Your system default text editor, such as Vi, will open up and allow you customize the default mirror registry settings. Add any additional registry mirrors you want to add. Otherwise, press `Esc` and then `:wq` to save and exit the file.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Configure Registry Mirror**                            | Your system default text editor, such as Vi, will open up and allow you to customize the default mirror registry settings. Add any additional registry mirrors you want to add. Otherwise, press `Esc` and then `:wq` to save and exit the file.                      |
```

>     | **Allow Insecure Connection (Bypass x509 Verification)** | Enabling this option bypasses x509 CA verification. Enter `n` if using a custom registry with self-signed SSL certificates. Otherwise, enter `y`. If you enter `y`, you will receive a follow up prompt asking you to provide the file path to the CA certificate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Allow Insecure Connection (Bypass x509 Verification)** | Enabling this option bypasses x509 CA verification. Enter `n` if using a custom registry with self-signed SSL certificates. Otherwise, enter `y`. If you enter `y`, you will receive a follow-up prompt asking you to provide the file path to the CA certificate. |
```

6.  The next set of prompts is for configuring connection details for the vSphere environment. The CLI will use this
    information to establish a network connection to the vSphere environment and query the vSphere API to retrieve
    information about the environment. The information retrieved is used in the next step for you to select target
    resources.

    | **Parameter**                                            | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
    | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

>     | **vSphere Endpoint**                                     | The vSphere endpoint. You can specify a full qualified domain name (FQDN) or an IP address. Make sure you specify the endpoint without the HTTP scheme `https://` or `http://`. Example: `vcenter.mycompany.com`                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **vSphere Endpoint**                                     | The vSphere endpoint. You can specify a Full Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) or an IP address. Make sure you specify the endpoint without the HTTP scheme `https://` or `http://`. Example: `vcenter.mycompany.com`                                                   |
```

>     | **vSphere Endpoint**                                     | The vSphere endpoint. You can specify a full qualified domain name (FQDN) or an IP address. Make sure you specify the endpoint without the HTTP scheme `https://` or `http://`. Example: `vcenter.mycompany.com`                                                   |

Author: Adding to the suggestion below.

    | **vSphere Username**                                     | The vSphere account username.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
    | **vSphere Password**                                     | The vSphere account password.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

>     | **Allow Insecure Connection (Bypass x509 Verification)** | Enabling this option bypasses x509 CA verification. Enter `n` if using a custom registry with self-signed SSL certificates. Otherwise, enter `y`. If you enter `y`, you will receive a follow up prompt asking you to provide the file path to the CA certificate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Allow Insecure Connection (Bypass x509 Verification)** | Enabling this option bypasses x509 CA verification. Enter `n` if using a custom registry with self-signed SSL certificates. Otherwise, enter `y`. If you enter `y`, you will receive a follow-up prompt asking you to provide the file path to the CA certificate. |
```

    | -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | **Datacenter**                                           | The vSphere Datacenter to target when deploying the PCG cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
    | **Folder**                                               | The folder to target when deploying the PCG cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

>     | **Network**                                              | The port group the PCG cluster will be connected to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Network**                                              | The port group to which the PCG cluster will be connected.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

    | **Add another Fault Domain**                             | Specify any fault domains you would like to use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
    | **NTP Servers**                                          | Specify the IP address for any Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers the PCG cluster can reference. We recommend you specify at least one NTP server.                                                                                                                           |
    | **SSH Public Keys**                                      | Provide the public OpenSSH key for the PCG cluster. Use this key when establishing an SSH connection with the PCG cluster. This prompt will result in the default text editor for the Operating System to open. Vi is the more common text editor used in Linux environments. |

>     | **Number of Nodes**                                      | The number of nodes that will make up the cluster. Available options are **1** or **3** . We recommend three nodes for a High Availability (HA) cluster in a production environment.                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Number of Nodes**                                      | The number of nodes that will make up the cluster. Available options are **1** or **3**. We recommend three nodes for a High Availability (HA) cluster in a production environment.                                                                                          |
```

    | **IP End range**                           | Enter the last address in the PCG IP pool range.                                                                                   |
    | **Network Prefix**                         | Enter the network prefix for the IP pool range. Valid values are network CIDR subnet masks from the range `0 - 32`. Example: `18`. |
    | **Gateway IP Address**                     | Enter the IP address of the IP gateway.                                                                                            |
    | **Name servers**                           | Comma-separated list of DNS name server IP addresses.                                                                              |
    | **Name server search suffixes (optional)** | Comma-separated list of DNS search domains.                                                                                        |

         ##### DDNS Placement Configuration
         |**Parameter**                            | **Description**|
         |-----------------------------------------|----------------|

>          | **Search domains** | Comma-separated list of DNS search domains.|

Author: I went ahead and added a new line between the header and the table. Maybe that improves it?

    | **Custom**    | Specify a custom configuration. If you select `Custom`, you will be prompted to enter the number of CPUs, memory, and storage to allocate to the PCG VM. Refer to the [Custom Machine Configuration](#custom-machine-configuration) table for more information. |

    #### Custom Machine Configuration

    | **Parameter** | **Description**                                           |
    | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
    | **CPU**       | The number of CPUs in the Virtual Machine.                |
    | **Memory**    | The number of memory to allocate to the Virtual Machine.  |
    | **Storage**   | The amount of storage to allocate to the Virtual Machine. |

11. Specify the node affinity configuration.

    | **Parameter**     | **Description**                                                  |
    | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | **Node Affinity** | Enter `y` to schedule all Palette pods on the control plane node |

> 12. A new PCG configuration file is generated and its location is displayed on the console. You will receive an output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. A new PCG configuration file is generated, and its location is displayed on the console. You will receive an output
```

    If you encounter issues during the installation, refer to the [PCG Troubleshooting](../../../troubleshooting/pcg.md)
    guide for debugging assistance. If you need additional help, reach out to our
    [Customer Support](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals) team.

    :::warning

    You cannot modify a deployed PCG cluster. If you need to make changes to the PCG cluster, you must first delete the
    cluster and redeploy it. We recommend you save your PCG configuration file for future use. Use the `--config-only`
    flag to save the configuration file without deploying the PCG cluster. Refer to the
    [Generate a Configuration File](../../../palette-cli/commands/pcg.md#generate-a-configuration-file) section to learn
    more. For additional assistance, visit our
    [Customer Support](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals) portal.

    :::

## Validate

Once installed, the PCG registers itself with Palette. To verify the PCG is registered, use the following steps.

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com) as a tenant admin.

2. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Tenant Settings**

> 3. From the **Tenant Settings Menu** click on **Private Cloud Gateways**. Verify your PCG cluster is available from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. From the **Tenant Settings Menu**, click on **Private Cloud Gateways**. Verify your PCG cluster is available from the
```
